OK, I'm going to share my
screen in one second with the
directions for.
What we will be doing.
OK, so we're starting out with
a graphic novel. I'm going to
share my screen.
So.
You are about to look at a
series of pictures that tell a
story. Imagine you are telling
the story to someone who cannot
see the pictures.
Describe what you see and what
is happening as you go through
the story.
And this story?
Let me see how long this story
is about 6 slides long.
And it typically takes between
like 10 like take between 10 to
15 minutes to tell the story,
but that kind of depends on how
long the story is so.
Well, I'll let you know how
it's going.
And I will also keep a
stopwatch, so if at any point
you want to like a check in on
how long it's been or like if
you should speed it up or slow
it down, I'll have that. And
since it's a story, whenever
you're done with one slide, you
could tell me to move on to the
next slide.
And I will share this.
Slideshow OK.
So I should start.
Yes.
#START_arrival_6 All right,
there is an empty pot sitting.
On a table or outside a window.
And then there is I think is a
bird, and the bird comes and
lands.
Next to the pot.
lands on the pot and he's
looking in it. I think it's a
bird.
{Um, yeah. It goes like, like,
yeah, up and down.}
{And page OK yeah, it's weird
reading it. Graphic novels and
flat page.}
Then it looks like the bird has
gone into the pot and there is a
man sitting inside, writing with
a fountain pen. He's writing a
letter and he then.
Has is folding the letter into
the shape of a bird, and he is
putting the letter inside of an
envelope along with some money.
He licks the envelope closed and
puts the stamp on. Then he
leaves the place where he is.
With a
Small animal companion.
And he speaks with a woman on
the street.
As if he is getting directions.
Then he goes to.
A postal like box reads the
directions on the box.
And sends his letter.
He seems to need a key to open
the box.
He looks up.
In a contemplative fashion, and
he walks away from the box with
his animal companion.
There is a leaf
Standing.
Up in the snow.
It then begins to rain.
The leaf splits.
And a.
Stem emerges from the middle of
the leaf.
It slowly unfurls and becomes
what looks like a dandelion.
The leaves fall off, the flower
gets bigger and brighter.
The pieces start to blow away.
Than they are.
Mostly gone, leaving in the
center of the flower.
The flower.
Stands alone darkly.
Then birds come and fly to it.
There seem to be fruit growing
from the center and the birds
eat the fruit.
The plant is all alone and dark.
Gets darker and then begins to
age and pieces fall off.
It becomes skeletal like.
It seems to snow again. And
then.
The plant is submerged in the
snow partially and there are
footprints in the snow.
There is a.
This picture of a large
futuristic.
City there are.
Flying boat mobiles.
There are pointy buildings and
round buildings.
There is a park on top of a
building.
There are dragon like birds
flying around.
It seems to be winter and
there's snow on the ground.
Steam coming out of the
chimneys.
And there are people walking
about.
And.
Then there's another view of a
futuristic city with a big
pointy building.
And.
Spires and smokestacks.
And.
Snowy fields. Some sort of
figures in the fields.
And more flying.
Boat transportation, vehicles in
the background and smoke lots of
smokestacks.
There is a pot with something
inside of it.
A bird lands on the edge and.
Smaller bird heads emerge. The
bird feeds the smaller birds.
The man is sitting on his bed
looking at a picture of a person
with the.
Small animal sitting next to
him.
And the bird is.
Seen through the window,
continuing to feed the little
birds.
The animal.
Gets up.
And jumps off the bed. The man
notices
And looks for the animal. The
animal goes down a ladder.
And finds a letter has come.
The man picks up the letter and
opens the letter, and inside he
finds another folded bird letter
He reads it and it makes him
happy.
And then he looks out the
window.
There is an origami.
Shape origami constructed animal
like the animal from the
previous story.
There is a
Metal
Triangular shaped vessel with a
hole inside with with what looks
like dishes inside of it.
A coat hook.
With the hat and some sort of
shawl hanging off of it.
A bowl with an interesting
pronged eating Implement and
Some sort of unfamiliar
Curly vegetables, maybe inside.
There are pictures that it looks
like a child drew of the flying
Boatmobiles.
There is.
A vessel that looks like it
contains a liquid with a spout.
And next to it is something
another vessel that is squat and
wide with a maybe a windy Turkey
on top. There is a cup of hot
liquid in a cup with a very odd
protruding handle.
On top of what looks like a
newspaper.
Then there's a portrait of a
man, a woman and a younger girl.
And a picture of
In larger person, giving a
smaller person a coin.
The man and the woman and the
young girl from the previous.
Family photo are sitting at a
table. They are
Happy.
The man is giving the girl some
coins and the animal is.
Excited, jumping up next to the
girl.
They have appears to be their
kitchen.
There is a person putting on a
pair of boots.
And grabbing
A hat.
From the animal, the girl puts
on the hat.
And she goes out into the town
with the animal.
They are hopping up on a curb.
And looking at
some small things down on the
ground and the girl picks one up
and it is glowing. #END_arrival_6
OK, perfect. And.
I'm going to pull up the next.
one.
OK, so next we have a complex
scene and I will pull up the
directions for the complex
scene.
OK, so you're about to see a
complex scene. Imagine you are
describing the scene as someone
who cannot see the picture. Just
describe what is happening and
what you see in the scene as
thoroughly as possible. And
this. These ones are a little
shorter, so about 3 to 5 minutes
to describe the scene and I will
pull it up.
Now.
Sorry, it's loading.
OK, and now I'm going to share
my screen and.
I'm going to make this bigger.
OK, so whenever you're ready,
just start describing what you
see.
#START_make_a_splash The picture
is of a water park. It looks
like it's probably outdoors.
There are many, many, many
people at the water park.
They're very tightly packed
together. There's maybe.
A couple feet between each
person there are big slides that
come down. There are three
slides in the on the one side
with a green and yellow and red
slide and they curl around each
other. On the other side there
is a big wide
Slide that is all the same level
and it has 6 sections. In
rainbow colors there are there
are
Pool sections that are divided
by some like meant
Sections so that it makes like a
river and then a big pond area
there's a big
Inflatable snake toy that the
kids are all sitting on. There
are there is a big dragon toys
some kids are sitting on and
playing with. There is a pink
elephant that squirts water and
a boy is climbing up that.
There are lots of kids that are
floating in tubes, being yellow
donut tubes. There are some.
There's a big green and white
mushroom and a smaller red and
white mushroom that have water
coming down from underneath and
the people are standing under
that.
Um, there is a grassy section on
one of the cement areas where
there are people laying on
blankets. Looks like it's
probably.
Parents and grandparents
watching the kids play, there's
a lifeguard.
Who is keeping an eye on people?
There are palm trees around the
area that have big curly slides.
There is a pirate ship or a ship
in the background, and there's
the big yellow slide that comes
out of that, and there are kids
waiting to use the slide.
Umm.
It looks like.
It's a pretty diverse group.
Older, younger. Some are girls,
some are guys.
Umm.
Couple of lifeguards.
Maybe more like?
Well, maybe more like 10
different lifeguards that are in
different areas watching people.
There's an area that has big
stepping stones that people are
trying to get across and it
looks like they tilt and knock
people off of them.
There are some people who are
using.
Squirt guns and their.
Hitting other people in the head
with the squirt guns.
There are a couple people that
have bigger yellow tubes that
have two holes in them, so it's
like a big Figure 8 tube, and
they're people sharing the
tubes.
Some of the people in the water
have younger kids with them that
are wearing life jackets.
And they're hanging on to them.
Most of the people in the water
are younger.
They're all wearing bathing suits. #END_make_a_splash
So I will pull up the next
item.
Oh.
OK, next we have an another
complex scene.
Here.
No, I'm going to share my
screen.
Again and put this in.
Present mode.
So like before, just between 3
to 5 minutes describing this
complex scene.
#START_waldo_1 It is a scene of
a town, with the center of the
scene being like the town square
with a big fountain.
There are lots of people in the
town. There are market booths
set up on the sidewalks, lots of
the buildings and the market
booths have striped awnings.
There is a school up in the one
corner there's a fire station,
there's a hospital.
There's an auto garage.
There are lots of people have
pets and are walking dogs. There
are different colored cars
driving around the town and lots
of people also walking in the
road.
There is a large office building
where people are working inside
the windows. You can see them
and then there are lots of
window washers on the outside of
the building climbing up
ladders.
Cleaning the building and the
windows. There are two window
window washers on the top of the
building who seem to be having a
fight with their mops, and
they're wearing buckets on their
heads. One of the window washers
is feeding some pigeons.
The people in on the sidewalks,
at the market booths are.
Shopping, but it's not.
Really clear what they're buying
one person seems to be selling
plants.
The other one booth might be
styling fabric.
There are lots of people on
bicycles. There's a person on a
motorcycle. It looks like it
might be a grandmother or an
older woman with white hair and
glasses.
And people are jumping out of
her way. There's a building
looks like a bank.
With security officers outside
and people are entering and
leaving the bank.
Around the fountain there are
people walking around and
looking at a young person who is
wearing swim pins and has jumped
up on top of the fountain.
Also in the center there is a
statue of a man, looks like
maybe a.
Ancient soldier with bow and
arrow and a feathered helmet.
There's a cafe where a waiter
has overflowed someone's glass
with it looks like red wine
because he's looking at the
woman at the next table and the
man is very annoyed there's red
wine on his table.
There is a hotel.
There are doorman at the hotel
talking to the people. There's a
bellboy holding a suitcase.
Hidden behind the informational
panel is house looks like it
might be on fire, and there are
firemen climbing in and out the
windows with hoses.
At the hospital there seems to
have been a bike accident.
Right outside the hospital and
the doctors and nurses are
trying to help people who fall
off their bikes.
School is next to
the hospital and there are kids
crossing and there's a crossing
guard. #END_waldo_1
There's a OK yeah, yeah, this
could go on for a while.
Please share.
Next one. OK, so the next one
is also a complex scene.
Let me pull it up.
And I'm going to share my
screen again and.
Same thing as before.
Just describing the scene.
#START_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
This is a scene of a movie
that's being shot in on an
inside inside of a movie lot.
There looks like it's actually
two different movies being shot
in the same place. One is an
outer space movie with aliens
and astronauts, and one is a.
Movie with dinosaurs and
Cavemen.
The dinosaurs are.
All about mid size and different
colors and looks like that they
are being played by actors.
They're inside of them and there
are lots and lots of Cavemen.
And the Cavemen are teasing the
dinosaurs and playing games with
the dinosaurs and climbing on
the dinosaurs.
There is a volcano up in the
corner and some of the Cavemen
are trying to climb up into the
volcano.
On the other stage there are
lots of aliens in flying saucers
which are being suspended on
rope by ropes, and there is a
spaceship that has landed upside
down. The scene is seems to be
like the moon.
Or a barren planet where all
these spaceships are. One of the
spaceships is actually a ship.
Like a boat.
The aliens are green with red
eyes.
Some of them have two arms, some
of them have one set of arms, so
some of them have two sets of
arms.
Umm.
The astronauts are wearing
orange suits with yellow gloves
and that matches their
spaceship.
And they are all.
Some of them are running around
on the ground and some of them
suspended by ropes.
Uh, there are.
There's a camera crew that is
filming the astronauts, but it
doesn't seem like anyone is
filming the other movie right
now. There's lots of lights.
Then behind the two stages there
are.
Smaller stages set up for
smaller scenes and possibly
different movies. 1 scene seems
to be a diner scene where the
The diner is pink.
Where this actually could be the
cafeteria for the movie. For the
movie lot, there seems to be
lots of different actors.
From both movies inside, so
that's probably what that is.
And then in the middle there's a
small scene that looks like it's
a.
Monster movie maybe?
And there are it's night and
there are lightning bolts
painted on this the boards
behind the scenes.
There's a giant ice cream cone
in the middle. There are ghosts
and mummies and monsters and a
werewolf.
And they are being filmed by
multiple camera crews.
Then on the far left, there is a
small dressing room area that's
very crowded and it has actors
and actresses getting dressed
and changing and putting on
their makeup and getting on
their outfits.
Umm.
Most of the actors don't seem to
be taking their job very
seriously. They're all.
Messing around and getting in
fights and falling over.
There.
Doesn't seem to be anyone in
charge.
Umm.
But lots and lots and lots of
people in the scene. #END_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
Perfect. OK, I'll see. Let's
see what we have next.
OK, another complex scene is
next.
OK and I will put this in.
OK.
And same thing as before, just
describe the scene and what you
see in three to five minutes.
#START_by_the_lake In this
scene.
There is a lake.
And there is a beach on the side
of the lake.
There.
Are lots of sandy areas. There
are rocky areas. There are many,
many people on the beach. It's
very crowded. There's a
volleyball game. There are
people flying kites, there are
people playing soccer and
building sandcastles and
listening to music.
There are people sitting under
umbrellas.
Then there are lots of people in
the water in the lake. There's a
float that people have swum out
to, and the float is very
crowded. There are kayakers and
people laying on inflatable
rafts. There are people in
tubes. There are people playing
with inflatable balls.
There is a dock and a couple of
people are fishing off the dock.
There are lots of boats farther
off in the distance. There are
sailboats, they're motorboats.
There's.
What seems to be
A large dragon boat with many
rowers. They're paddle boarders
there are.
Paddle boats. Windsurfers.
There is a person riding a boat,
riding like a a tricycle with
inflatable wheels.
Across the water there are
people kiteboarding.
There is a person up.
Parasailing being towed behind a
boat. There's a tower
Of water skiers who have made a
pyramid.
That is 5 levels tall with a
person at the very top.
On the edge of the lake, there
are lots of houses of different
kinds. There's one that looks
like a castle. There's a cabin.
Umm.
There are some trees around the
lake and way off in the distance
you can see mountains with snow
on the top.
Um, it's sunny.
But not too sunny.
There, on the one side of the
lake, you can see people
picnicking and riding mountain
bikes.
There are some boats that been
pulled up onto the beach and
people have gotten out of them.
There is.
There's one trash can on the
beach.
And they're people playing
bocci.
Some people are wearing bathing
suits, some people have are
fully clothed.
There's one dog.
There is a
mermaid on one of the sets of
rocks with a swan going by. #END_by_the_lake
OK.
And let's see what we have.
We have another scene next.
OK, so same thing again. It's
also another complex scene. Just
take 3 to 5 minutes describing
what you see.
#START_escape_from_the_zoo What
is pictured in this scene is a
zoo. It looks like it's the
center of the zoo and it's.
Sort of a more urban zoo
setting.
There are lots of walkways with
looks like plexiglass fencing up
around the different areas where
the animals are the animals are
in.
Smaller sections with not much,
not much landscape.
There.
Is it looks like from the back
where you can see in the
background that this zoo is
maybe next to a city or in a
city.
There is a cafe and a shop up in
the back.
There's an ice cream stand in
the middle that is actually
shaped like an ice cream cone.
With pink ice cream on top.
There are lots of people
visiting the zoo. There are the
animals are grouped by different
climates and areas, so there is
a in the very center. There's a
snowy scene.
Like an Arctic scene.
But the Penguins seem to have
escaped. They're behind that
section. There's another Arctic
section that has that have polar
bears in it, and the polar bears
are on different levels of ice.
There's another section that's
more like an African area with.
Zebras and hippo and flamingos.
There then there's a different
section that has.
Lions in it.
It looks like a rhinoceros
escaped from one of the sections
and is running around in the
middle of the of the zoo area
and there's a Penguin riding it
and the people are running from
it.
Behind him there's another
section that is another African
section that has three giraffes
and an anteater.
And the warthog.
There is a Peacock that's going
around in the area where the
people are walking and having
its picture taken.
The people are all looking at
the different animals and.
Some of them are eating, some of
them are talking to each other,
some of them are taking
pictures.
It's all different ages of
people.
Some of the people in the scene
are appear to be the Rangers.
They're all wearing khaki shorts
and khaki shirts.
There are men and women.
They seem to be trying to catch
the Penguins that have escaped.
There is a kangaroo that has
also escaped and is hopping
around back by the cafe.
There's an area in the far back
of the zoo that has an elephant
and another rhinoceros and an
ostrich in it.
And it looks like some people
have gone over the fence and are
approaching the rhinoceros
there.
There are some gorillas by the
shop.
And people are looking at them,
and the gorillas seem annoyed.
Some of the people, some of the
kids are wearing masks. They
look like the different animals.
They're lion masks, tiger masks
and panda masks.
There are some trees in the zoo.
But not that many.
There are some lemurs that have
climbed up onto the one tree.
There are benches in the zoo and some
people are sitting on the
benches and resting. One of the
benches has a monkey sitting on
it reading a newspaper. #END_escape_from_the_zoo
That's some of the OK, I know
there's like a lot of these ones
in a row. Let's see what.
OK, we have another.
Complex scene.
Umm.
OK, I'm going to share.
My screen again.
#START_being_a_pirate This is a
picture of what looks like a
battle between different pirate
ships.
And they are off of the coast of
a beach.
There are lots and lots of
smaller boats in the water that
contain pirates.
There are people pirates on the
beach. It looks like some of the
people in the scene are actually
maybe from some kind of Navy.
It looks like two of the larger
ships are pirate ships, and the
one ship is in maybe a Navy ship
and they the people from the
Navy are wearing blue and white
shirts and the pirates are
wearing all different colored
clothing. Some of them have
kerchiefs tied onto their head,
some of them have eye patches,
some of them have swords.
There.
All the little boats are.
Going around the bigger boats
and attacking each other.
The one boat has
Cannons on it and they are
shooting at the smaller boats.
One of the smaller boats has a
cannon on it and a shooting at
at the shore.
One of the smaller boats has a
cannon on the front and has
actually hit the larger boat up
in the crows nest area.
And looks like they've
splintered one of the masts.
Umm.
The sea looks relatively calm.
There aren't any. There's a
couple of smaller waves.
It doesn't look that rough.
On the beach.
There are some of the naval
officers, but also there are
some pirates who seem to be
trying to bury treasure. There
are a couple of palm trees.
In the very center in between
the boats there is what looks
like a sea monster or giant
octopus, and it has gotten
several of the pirates and is
waving them around in the air.
There are some sharks in the
water that are waiting for
people to fall off the boats.
The naval boat seems to be the
largest boat of the three.
People are climbing on the boat,
people have fallen off and are
trying to climb back up the
sides.
People have climbed all the way
up to the top of the masts and
are fighting up there.
Some of the rope ladders to the
masks have been cut.
Lots of them have people
climbing up and down them.
Most of the people in the
picture seem to be men.
There are some women on one boat
that looks like the pirates are
chasing that boat and trying to
get the women off the boat, but
some of the women have jumped
into the water or swimming
shore.
A lot of the pirates are wearing
black shirts. What's going
crossbones on them, and a lot of
smaller boats have flags with
skull and crossbones.
Umm.
They don't look like they're
very organized.
One of the boats has sunk. It
looks like it's broken in half.
And the naval officers are
trying to swim to another boat.
The naval officers all have long
guns, or a lot of them have long
guns where most of the pirates
have swords.
The naval boat doesn't seem to
be identified with any
particular country, it just has
long blue and white striped
flags up on the top of the
masts.
The naval boat has a figurehead.
At the very front of the ship.
That is.
A gold woman, maybe a mermaid.
Some of the pirates have big
hats on, and they look like they
might be in charge of the other
pirates.
they seem to be directing the smaller boats. #END_being_a_pirate
OK, perfect.
What's?
OK. Now do you do you want to
take a 3 minute break or would
you like to keep going? I'm OK.
OK. So next we have a.
Short story.
OK, so this story is.
11 slides. So like we were
saying before, like it, it'll
take 10 to 15 minutes to tell
the story. Whenever you're done
with one slide, just tell me to
move on and I'll click through
it.
And let me just go to.
#START_flowerman It is night
time.
It is a.
Very barren landscape. There's a
town.
On one side of what seems to be
a dried up riverbed.
And it looks like there's a
little bit of water left at the
very bottom, but this was a Deep
River and there are some things
down at the bottom that have
fallen into the river. There's a
Old Rusty abandoned car. There's
a boat that sunk. There's an
anchor.
The town looks very desolate.
There, going over the river is a
bridge. Looks like it's a stone
bridge, and there is what
Looks like an elderly woman.
Crossing the bridge by herself
with maybe a small dog.
She's wearing a green coat and a
Black Hat with a red flower on
it. There are four lamps, 2 on
either side of the bridge, and
those that's the only light in
the town.
Behind her that on the one side
of the the dried up riverbed, is
a tree that doesn't have any
leaves on it.
In the town.
There are.
Different shops.
There's a bait shop and a bar.
There's a gas station.
There's something else that I I
can't read the sign.
All the buildings seem to be two
or three stories tall.
There are a couple people that
are walking around, but it's
mostly abandoned, quiet.
Some of the buildings have smoke
coming out of the smokestacks
and it looks like.
There are people home and then
at the far left of the town
there's what looks like a
carnival.
Which seems out of place.
The person has crossed the
bridge and has walked into the
center of the town.
There are a couple of Street
lights, but other than that
everything is very dark and
Gray.
There, the street looks like it
It's stone or cobblestones, and
the sidewalks are larger stones.
The person.
Has an umbrella and a bag.
And two people are standing in a
doorway to the person's right,
which the person's left and it
looks like they are discussing
this person and why are they in
their town?
There is a car that is coming
out of one side street and it
has its headlights pointed
directly at the person the man
is driving.
There's also in part of the
picture there is a small balcony
off the top of one of the
buildings and there's a boy
standing looking over the
balcony and he looks very sad.
The person has walked farther
into the town.
They're standing in a street
light. It looks like it actually
might be an older man. Looks
like they might have a beard.
And they're standing in front of
a house that is smaller compared
to all the other houses in town.
It's two-story it looks like a
little cottage.
The curtains are all torn up and
it looks like the windows are
broken and it's been abandoned,
and there's a sign in front that
says for sale.
You can see that there are
actually lots of people inside
the other buildings doing many
things. Some of the people are
looking out at the man, but most
of them are entertaining
themselves or painting or
working.
It is now daytime.
And it looks like the man has
been working on the House. The
for sale sign is gone.
He's painted the shutters. He's
painted, he's put on a new roof.
He had is mowing the lawn. The
house is very bright.
And behind the house there is a
tree that is flowering.
There are lots and lots of
people now out of their houses,
going around the town, doing
different things, going
different places, talking to
each other, playing, but the
rest of the town remains dark
and grayscale.
It looks like more time is
elapsed because the man has
planted flowers in front of his
fence and added furniture.
And fixed up the chimney.
He is standing or kneeling at
the edge of his walkway and
picking some flowers and waving
at someone who's going by on a
motor scooter.
But the person on the motor
scooter has turned and is
watching a girl with red hair
who is walking away from the man
and she's carrying a flower,
which he probably gave to her.
The girl is wearing a yellow
shirt and a blue skirt, and
besides, the man in his house is
the only other part of the town
with color.
The man has gotten up and is
talking to another young girl
with red hair, but her hair is
more orange and she has glasses.
And he has put one arm around
her.
And looks like he has been
giving out flowers to other
people in the town.
And the people in the town that
have flowers are very colorful
and bright.
And it looks like as they take
their flowers and they go home
and they go around the town
there and return, brightening up
the areas that they return to.
The town has gotten even more
colorful, so in fact there is
very little grayscale left.
The people are still milling
about and doing things, but they
look happier than before.
The man is having a cookout on
his lawn and he is throwing a
young child up in the air.
People are coming up to him.
They are. There's a woman who's
carrying.
Something to give him.
People are playing music and
dancing.
Telling stories, looking at art.
The town seems to have.
Woken up
It is now dusk in the town.
The cookout is over.
The people are still playing and
talking and dancing.
And.
Looking at the stars.
But you can see that the man has
packed his bag again and he is
leaving his house and he is
headed what seems to be out of
town and he is taking an orange
flower and put it in his hat.
It's night in the town, but it
is.
Not like the night of before.
There are lots of lights on.
There are a few people outside,
but most of the people are
inside.
The man
Is continuing to walk out of the
town.
And the people who are pictured
in their windows seem to be very
happy.
The man is now standing outside
of a different house.
And he
Has something in his hand.
That I can't quite make out.
It's triangular diamond shaped
and he's looking at it.
And the house that he is
standing in front of has another
for sale sign.
His little dog is standing at
the bottom of the stairs.
And looks very excited.
You can see people in the
windows and they are looking out
with curiosity as to what the
man is doing.
But again, except for the man
and his dog, everything else in
the scene is greyscale except
for the sky, which is purple and
cloudy.
They man
Seems to have given
A young girl, a purple flower,
and she's very happy.
She has Big Blue eyes and is
wearing a pink jumper.
Brown curly hair, and she has a
mouse sitting on her shoulder.
The man is walking out of the scene and
there is also an older man up in
the window and he is holding a
red flower and he is looking at
the young girl. #END_flowerman
Next.
Perfect. That's the end of that
one. Let me see what is next.
OK, so the next one is also a
short story. And it is.
Ok.
OK, I'm going to share my
screen now. This one is 4
slides. It's also story so like
before, whenever.
You want to move on, just let
me know and then same rules as
before, approximately 10 to 15
minutes Max and I will start the
timer whenever you're ready.
I'm ready, OK.
#START_arrival_5 There is a
large town
It's next to a body of water.
The buildings are many stories
tall.
And on the tops of the buildings
are large.
Large buildings.
They are made to look like owls.
There are smaller ones and there
are larger ones.
There are many boats that have
been pulled up.
Onto the road
And there are
Many, many birds.
Flying to and from the town.
A person is wrapping a rope
around a
Tall vessel looks like a cat.
Two men are having a
conversation.
A little boy is carrying a plate
of food up some stairs and he is
accompanied by two four legged
smaller animals with tails. He
gives the bowl to a woman with
brown hair and she looks happy.
She then hugs a man.
That is wearing suspenders and
has glasses and he is holding a
large bowl.
They turn and speak with another
man in a suit coat, and she
invites him in.
There are four people inside
now, and they
Toast
With glasses filled with dark
liquid.
She
Pulls some items out of the bowl
that the boy gave to her. They
seem to be
Curly vegetables, and she chops
one of them up into slices.
She takes another one and she
rubs it against
A pointy greater type vessel
that she holds on the top.
She has a what appears to be
Some sort of poultry that she is
brushing a liquid over and
preparing to cook it, it
appears.
There are four people seated at
a table enjoying a meal.
The meal has lots of
Interesting shaped
Vegetables and
Interesting items.
One man is standing and holding
Some sort of curly root
vegetable in a pair of tongs,
and he seems to be
Cooking it with a hand held
Flamethrower type item
At the table.
There the little boy has bent
over and he is feeding his
animal companions pieces of food
from the table.
The
Other man and woman are engaged
in conversation.
The man with the glasses and
suspenders.
Is very happy and the woman is
very happy and the man with the
suit coat is very happy.
This man with the glasses gets
out an accordion type instrument
and starts to play while the
woman plays a
Tubular flute
With the flame at the end and
the little boy plays
Umm.
Instrument like a banjo, perhaps
with a bent top.
The man with the other man has
pieces of paper and he starts to
fold origami animals and he
gives one that is shaped like
one of the boys animals to the
little boy and he's very happy.
The man with the glasses pulls a
pot out of a little door in the
wall.
And the man and the woman
Hold it and seem to offer it to
someone.
The pot is now empty and sits
Outside the window or inside the
window on a ledge
The one man
Who's wearing the suit coat
wakes up.
And sits up in the bed.
One of the animals comes up to
him.
And the man Pats him while
sitting in bed. He then gets
dressed.
And cuts up one of the curly
vegetables and feeds the piece
of the animal. He puts on his
vest and he puts on his suit
coat and the animal
Offers him his hat.
The man walks off into the city.
There are many people.
In the crowd, and some of them
have animals with them, the one
the animal from the house has
left with the man.
There are men
Out in the street with sticks.
There is a man wearing a large
hat feeding
Fish like animals.
There are three women
Who seemed to be playing some
sort of tabletop game.
And a man
Painting
Some sort of
Item that is spinning while he
paints it.
There's a man on the ladder
painting a mural on the wall,
and a woman with a small
pushcart.
Who seems to be working on
something.
The man comes to a doorway with
a cook standing in it and
He's talking to him.
While the animal looks on.
He then goes to another man who
is working on some sort of
machinery.
He then talks to a woman in a
shop and all the people seem to
be telling him no.
He then goes and speaks to a man
Working in a shipyard. #END_arrival_5
Next page.
Oh, perfect. OK, let's see.
OK, next we have another short
story.
Let me pull that one up.
OK.
I'm going to share my screen.
And this one's approximately 8
slides, so same thing as before,
between 10 to 15 minutes to
describe them and then.
Whenever you're ready, just
tell me to move on.
OK.
#START_arrival_4 Man is
showering.
He shaves and puts on his vest
and shirt.
He puts on his shoes.
And count some money. He takes
his hat off the table.
And is looking at a map.
He has a.
Small 4 legged mouse like
Medium sized animal with him and
the two of them take off into
the city. The city is large and
the roads are long.
He consults the map again and
looks puzzled.
He looks at the map for a while
while the animal waits.
He.
Is standing in the midst of an
area with lots of.
Large cone like
Buildings. And there are lots of
other people milling about.
In the background there are lots
of.
Ships that are flying through
the air.
His animal companion.
Is.
Conversing with another small
animal, this looks like it's a
bird with large pointy ears. The
man sees there is a woman who
belongs with the other animals
standing next to him, and he
asks her something. She looks at
the map with him and points out
to him something that he's
looking for. She shows him.
A machine that is standing up on
the sidewalk.
With a large number dial, like a
Rotary phone in the center of
it, she puts in some numbers and
pulls a lever.
And what seems to be a ticket
comes out. She then explains the
ticket to the man and hands it
to him and then looks at her
watch and tells him what time it
is.
There are lots of skyships up in
the air, and the woman is
pointing at one indicating what
the man is looking for.
They stand for a while and then
more people join them.
The large ship that is up above
them comes in and.
Goes down so that the deck is
level with the platform that
people are standing on and they
board the ship.
The man's ticket is punched and
the conductor directs him to get
onto the ship.
The man and the animal find a
seat up on the deck. They sit
next to the woman who helped
them.
The two of them have a
conversation.
The man pulls a piece of paper
out of his pocket and asks the
woman to look at it.
The woman
Then pulls another piece of
paper out of her purse, her bag,
and shows it it is a
Picture.
Is as a page with some writing
on it and a stamp and the left
side there is a picture of a
young girl with a short haircut,
looking sad.
The girl from the picture is
then
She looks in a book and someone
takes the book away from her and
puts it in a drawer.
They then lock the drawer and
hand her a shovel and send her
off with a shovel.
She shovels
Something into
A hole in a small building that
appears to have fire inside of
it.
She keeps shoveling things into
it. Looks like there is maybe
snow on the ground.
And the burning continues. A lot
of smoke comes out of the hole
and she has to get a ladder and
climb up on top and clean out
the chimney of the building.
It now appears that she is in a
place with lots of these
Little
Ground stoves with smokestacks
coming out of the top and they
are all separated.
By walls. And there is a person
in every little compartment with
their own stove shoveling things
into the stove.
She is standing up on the top of
her smokestack and she is
cleaning it out while she looks
over at all the other.
Uh, people in all their
compartments shoveling.
She is sitting on the ground,
cross legged, looking very sad,
stands up and takes her shovel
and pries the door open. She
looks out and.
Can see no one is coming and she
pulls a key out of a pocket of a
coat hanging on the wall. She
then takes the key and unlocks
the drawer where the person had
put her book. She grabs the book
and runs off.
She is running across
An open space.
In this area with lots of large
buildings and trains, she climbs
onto the train
Into a large cargo car and she
sits with her book. The train
then leaves.
We are now back on the boat with
the the man and the woman who
are flying through the air.
It is journeying through a city
with lots of billboards in an
unfamiliar language.
The woman is pointing things out
to the man as they go along, and
the conductor makes an
announcement.
The boat docks again and the man
gets off, but the woman remains
on the boat.
The man looks about and looks
confused. He is now in another
large city, but it's different
than the one before. There are
lots of.
Roads upon platforms and all
different shaped buildings.
There are lots of roads divided
by walls.
And in the center of the town is
a very, very large statue.
And it has. It's depicting an
animal that is holding a bowl.
The man walks along with his
animal companion. They are going
along a street.
There
Are some people that seem to be
bartering over large curly
vegetables
There is a woman.
It was buying something from a
sort of.
Vending machine with full doors
that open.
A man in a beret is looking at
an animal that is being offered
him by a woman.
The man consults a book.
And looks at different pictures
of food.
He seems to be looking for a
translation. Perhaps and
The his animal companion pulled
his attention to the vending
machine that the woman got
something out of.
He opens a little drawer in the
machine and finds vegetables. He
consults his book.
And he pulls one out.
He is then approached by the boy
from earlier.
Who takes the vegetable from him
That man with the suspenders the
glasses, joins them and waves
and offers him the vegetable.
The man does not want the
vegetable and he shows them a
picture in his book of a loaf of
bread.
The man with the glasses then
shows him another compartment.
And pulls out a large curly
eggplant looking item.
The man smells.
He offered fruit.
And the boy offers him a bowl,
which the man takes. The man
with the glasses then gestures
to him as if inviting him to
join.
The man shows him another.
Item of food and the boy shows
him a very large
Horn like
Like trumpet
Like fruits with roots, the man
eats a piece of something.
And the boy shows him a very,
very large.
Artichoke looking vegetable.
The man shows him.
Something in a pod with curly
pieces coming out.
And a long
Snaky item.
He has another one that is
prickly.
And another one looks like a
type of cucumber with segments
inside.
The boy eats the original piece
of fruit he had shown the man.
And the man takes a bite of the
cucumber like one. The boy then
feeds a piece to the animal.
They take all the fruit that
they have looked at and put it
in the basket.
The boy whispers a question to
the man with the glasses, and
the man with the glasses puts
his arm around the traveler and
appears to invite him to come
with them. The boy gestures and
they walk off across a boatyard.
The boy approaches one of the
boats and
Looks inside a pot sitting on
the deck of the boat.
The man looks in and is very
surprised by a large tentacle
that comes out. He is comforted
by the other man who encourages
him to look again.
And the boy pulls another small
animal out of the pot that has a
long tail with spiky
protrusions. The boy holds the
animal and shows the man that he
is friendly.
The
Gentleman with the glasses
Points out that the animals are
getting along.
And the two animals circle each
other.
In a friendly manner.
The man had dropped his
vegetables when he was surprised
and he picks them up again. He
seems apologetic.
The other man
Indicates that he everything is
fine.
The traveler then takes his book
and draws a picture of some
houses with a large spiky tail
over them. He shows it to the
man with the glasses.
The man reacts to this.
With hand gestures.
And.
Some unknown emotion.
The man's eyes
Look as if he is
remembering something. #END_arrival_4
Next page.
Perfect. And now let me see.
Hello.
OK, next we have a short. Now.
Next we have a complex scene.
Oh, there we go. And like
before, 3 to 5 minutes to
describe the complex scene. And
I'm just going to put this in
slideshow mode.
And whenever you're ready, you
could begin.
#START_ancient_rome In this
scene we see a large.
What appears to be a Roman.
Gladiatorial ring a large area
that has sandy ground and is
ringed by tall plaster walls
with many decorative elements on
them.
There are lots and lots of
people inside these walls and
they are running around and
throwing Spears at each other.
Some of the people are in
Chariots and they seem to be
having a race.
There are many, many people
standing up outside the walls,
looking down into the area and
cheering.
Some of the people who are
outside the walls are what
appear to be Roman soldiers, and
there is a.
Um, Roman Caesar?
Like figure reclining on a bed,
watching.
There are lots of lions in the
ring. Some of the lions are
chasing people. Some of the
lions are preparing to eat. Some
of the lions have made a pyramid
and are attempting to get up out
of the walls, and two of the
lions have.
Escaped.
There are leopards inside. The
Leopards are chasing people and
jumping on them.
The people inside are.
Dressed in different ways. A lot
of them have swords. Some of
them have Shields, some of them
are barefoot, some of them are
wearing sandals.
Umm.
Some of the people are running
from the lions and running from
a fight, while some of the
people are confronting each
other or confronting the
animals.
Most of all, the people in the
ring seem to be men. There are
some women in the crowd, but not
many.
The.
Chariots are different colors.
Some of them. One of them is
gold with gold wheels. One of
them is.
White and red with gold wheels.
One of them is blue and white
with gold wheels. All of the.
Shields that the people have are
gold.
The walls surrounding the area
are white and the decorations
are purple.
At the far end of the circle
there is a gate.
Which seems to be the only exit
from the area.
The gate is raised and some of
the people are sneaking out
through the gate while some
lions are coming in.
The people in the ring seem very
confused and.
Umm.
Scared and.
Trying to.
Trying to manage their
situation.
Some of the people have been run
over by the Chariots and are
lying in the sand.
There is a lot of frantic
energy.
There are a lot of 1 on one
fights going on.
Swords and Spears.
The Chariots are being pulled by
sets of four horses, except for
one chariot which is being
pulled by four men, and there's
a horse riding in the chariot.
There is one tiger.
And he is attacking a man
sitting on the ground.
Ohh.
Some of the men in the ring have
shirts on.
But a lot of them are bare
chested.
The Lions are all male.
The people in the crowd are
giving thumbs up or thumbs down
indicating.
Their interest or pleasure or
displeasure in the activities in
the ring.
The soldiers.
Are non reactive.
At the one part of the ring in
the seating, the people are all
running because the lions have
come up over the wall.
At one end of the ring there is
a person who is keeping score to
see.
And it appears there. Can we
track of how many lions have
been?
Vanquished versus how many people? And a
lot of lions are checked off,
but no people. #END_ancient_rome
Perfect.
I see. What's next? OK, the
next one is also a.
Complex scene.
Let me just.
Let me share my screen.
And then, whenever you're
ready, you could begin.
All right.
#START_unfriendly_giants In this
scene, it is a countryside and
there are many, many giants in
the countryside.
There are.
Lots and lots of smaller people.
But the Giants are.
At least.
Umm.
You know, maybe eight times the
size of the smaller people.
They are all male giants.
Some of.
The townspeople seem to be
attempting to trap the male
giants with large cutouts of
what looked like female giants,
and they have.
Big mallets set up behind.
The cutouts of the female giants
to try and knock out the giants.
The giants.
Some of them are ignoring the
people.
Whereas some of them seem to be
collecting the people in their
belts or tormenting them.
Some of the Giants are taking
large straws and sucking water
up and shooting them at the
people.
There is a group of six giants.
In the bottom of the picture and
they are playing chess with you,
but they are using the people
and they've dressed them up in
blue and yellow outfits.
There are several small cottages
in the picture.
Some of the people are hiding
behind the cottages.
There are men and women.
Amongst the the townspeople.
They are dressed like medieval
peasants.
Most of the people are wearing
combination of green and yellow
and red and blue and orange.
Up at the top of the picture is
a stone castle.
And there are a couple of giants
that are attacking the castle.
The.
People in the castle have Spears
and really large slingshots and
they're trying to shoot stones
at the giants.
Up in the top and in the
distance are lots of windmills.
And some of the Giants are
trying to stop the paddles of
the windmills from going around.
Some of the people have grouped
together to try and attack the
giants all at once, and they
have pitchforks and shovels and
axes, but the giants seem to be
ignoring these groups of people
and swatting them away.
Umm.
In the center of the picture one
of the.
Giants has been lassoed around
his foot by a large group of of
the people, but he doesn't seem
to have noticed and is dragging
them behind him. But he's also
stepping into another loop.
That's being held by another
group of people, but one of the
Giants is lassoing that group of
people with an even larger rope.
Umm.
There are lots of trees in the
picture. Some of them are green,
some of them are more of a
blue-green, some of them are
pink and look like they're
flowering.
There are sections of fields and
a river. The castle is up on a
hill.
There are some small boats in
the river and some of the Giants
are trying to catch the boats.
Umm.
There are several catapults.
That the people are using to lob stones
at the Giants. #END_unfriendly_giants
Perfect and then?
Let's see. OK, the next one is
a short story.
Only pull it up.
OK.
So this will be probably our
last one today. And then so this
is a short story. So like
before, when you're done
describing the page, just tell
me to move on to the next page.
This story is approximately 20
slides, but it's on to
PowerPoint. So one will like
finish and I have to just jump
on to the other one. But I
pulled both of them up and I
will share my screen and then
present or yeah.
#START_return We are looking
into a cutaway view of a
two-story apartment building.
Or
No, it's it's a house. two-story
house.
And.
The house is all very brown and
lots of brown tones. There is a
Sort of like a a main.
Room off the front door and you
can see a staircase leading.
Upstairs there's a kitchen and
then downstairs there's a
bedroom where a young child is
playing and drawing on their
wall with.
Sort of red writing instrument.
Upstairs you can see.
Like a seating area with a TV.
And another bedroom with a cat
on the bed.
And a kite has somehow made its
way all the way up the stairs
and into another room where a
man is sitting at a architect's
desk and seems to be drawing.
eThe man notices th kite.
Gets off his seat and picks it
up he then.
Drops the kite and leaves the
scene.
He then goes into the bedroom
that was downstairs and sees
that the.
Where the boy had been drawing
the door on the wall, there is
now an actual door on the wall
and he looks through.
Man goes through the door and
finds himself inside a large
forest. At night there are lots
of lights and strings of lights
hanging between very large
trees.
And lanterns hanging down from
the trees.
There is a river going or stream
going through the the forest and
there is a dock with a red ball
sitting on it.
Man crosses the stream and picks
up the ball.
Then he sees a large.
Barge headed downstream towards
him.
The head of the barge is a gold.
Regal looking animal.
With glowing green eyes.
And a large purple tail at the
back of the boat, fanning out
behind it.
The barge comes up to the dock
and the man gets on.
The barge is approaching the
gates of a castle that the
stream goes through.
The castle is many stories tall.
With lots of gold domes and
flags.
Up you can see that the stream
joins a river that goes through
the castle and comes out the
other side. There is a bridge
going over that stream and you
can see the young boy from the
previous stream going over that
in what appears to be a red
boat.
The man hops off the barge.
And sees
The young boy.
Ascending a set of stairs ahead
of him, he is motioning at the
boy. The boy looks back and
there is a king and a Prince
waiting for the boy at the top
of the stairs the boy is now
wearing. He's wearing a matching
gold crown to the other boy.
The.
Boy.
Is standing next to a set of
Thrones.
And it looks as if he is
refusing to sit down or to do
something. The king and the
other Prince look very confused,
as well as the man.
They all turn and see another
figure.
Emerging from another boat.
This figure seems to be leading
a group of soldiers to attack
the group. At the top of the
stairs there is a large purple
bird circling the group.
The King pulls out a golden
sword.
And attempts to defend them.
The figure that ran from the
boat.
Holds out a.
Box in front of him with a
winding handle. He he winds the
handle up and.
Streamers shoot out-of-the-box
and.
Knock the sword out of the
King's hand. The soldiers detain
the king, and the the man runs
up the stairs.
{Oh, and then I have to pull up
the other half of this.}
{Oh, I had it pulled up. OK and
I'm going to share and then.}
One of the two boys at the top
of the stairs takes out a purple
crayon and begins to draw a.
Large winged animal.
The group jumps up onto the
animal, which becomes real and
flies off over the ocean.
As they escape the.
Original figure jumps back onto
his craft, which then unfurls
large purple wings from the
sides and lifts off into the air
after them. The the man takes
out his box again and shoots
purple streamers after him.
After the people on the
creature, the king is being
detained on the back of the
flying barge.
It seems that the.
Man with the box is able to
destroy the thing that the boy
had drawn and they all fall off
of it. The king grabs the one
boy by the hand and keeps him
from falling.
And the man and the other boy
fall down through the air. The
man reaches out and grabs the
boy's hand.
They fall all the way down into
the ocean.
It is a a deep.
Ocean and there are underwater.
Cliffs and turrets the boys
crown falls off. The boy pulls
out his red crayon again and
draws.
A vessel.
But the boy continues drawing
and completes a submarine.
The.
Boy and the man are safe inside
the submarine and they begin to
pilot it around under the water.
They pull the submarine up.
On to.
A shore next to a set of cliffs
with a cave.
They can see that inside The
Cave someone has drawn pictures
of people and.
Flying things and.
A dragonfly and lots of
interesting shapes.
The man and the boy stand on top
of the submarine and observe the
shapes on the walls.
The purple bird circles over
them.
It appears that the pictures on
the wall seem to be a
representation of what just
happened to them.
The boy points excitedly at the
wall and.
The man looks at the pictures.
There is a small Gray door.
Shorter than the man and the boy
that is on the wall.
The man.
Continues to look at the
pictures, but the boy notices
that the menacing figures from
before have found them and have
docked their boat at the mouth
of The Cave.
The man.
Takes out a black marker.
And seems to have an idea. He
then draws.
Perch for the bird to sit on.
The menacing figure from before
is very excited to see the bird
and runs up to the bird sitting
on the perch with his box,
trying to suck the bird into his
box.
It is revealed that the.
Perch platform that he the bird
is sitting on is actually a trap
and as the man sucks the bird
into his box, the gates come up
and capture the man. The man's
box is outside the cage. The boy
and the man run up to it and
grabbed the box. The man looks
like he is trying to smash the
box onto the ground.
As he smashes the box, it splits
open and.
Many colors of light come out.
The bird escapes, the winged
creature escapes, and.
The purple and red and gold and
green light floods out of The
Cave.
The barge
Leaves The Cave.
And the king and the Prince and
the boy and the man watch as it
leaves.
The purple creature carries the
cage off.
The man, the boy hugs the man.
And the Gray door in the wall is
a jar. You can see the tail of
the kite sticking out.
OK is now flying over the city
from the original scene.
You see half of their house in the picture. #END_return
Perfect. Thank you. Let me
just.